Flo's June updates (#964)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2021-06/3-Category-settings-revamp.md

---
pim_announcement_img: ./img/revamped-category-settings-screen.png
pim_announcement_alt_img: "New category settings screen"
pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
- CE
---

> # Revamped categories screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Revamped category screens
```

::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Productivity" available="late June" in="EE,GE" link-to-doc="what-is-a-category.html#how-to-create-a-new-category"

> Have you been on the category settings page lately? You might have noticed that we rebuilt it from the ground up. It should enhance your experience around category management. We hope you will enjoy it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you been to the category settings page recently? You may have noticed that we have rebuilt it from scratch. This should improve your user experience with Akeneo category management. We hope you enjoy it!```

Author: ```suggestion
Have you been to the category settings page recently? You may have noticed that we have rebuilt it from scratch. This should improve your user experience with Akeneo category management. We hope you enjoy it!
```
